2. 
The three books of Pausanias that I choose are: book 3, book 5, and book 8, and all in Greek. 
For book 3: most common token is και with 932 occurance, most common type is και with 932 occurance, and most common 
lemmatas is Λακεδαιμόνιος with 125 occurance. After removing stop words, the most common token and type is 'ἄγαλμα with 58
occurance. 
For book 5: most common token is δε with 1013 occurance, most common type is also δε with 1013 occurance, and most common 
lemmatas is Ἠλεῖος with 129 occurance. After removing stop words, the most common token and type is 'Ἠλείων with 46 occurance.
For book 8: most common token is και with 1591 occurance, most common type is και with 1591 occurance, and most common 
lemmatas is ποιέω with 127 occurance. After removing stop words, the most common token and type is ἱερὸν with 82 occurance.
3. 
After looking at the original text, I decide that the data I got from runing these code correspond with the text themselves. 
First, before removing stop words and non-alphabetic words, the most common words in each piece of text are stop words. The 
particles such as τον and conjunction and postpositions like δε and αλλα appear pretty common. The particles are seen in 
front of most of the nouns, thus it has high appearance because it is seen nearly at least once in every sentence. As for
the conjunctions and postpositions, they help connect parts of sentences together, so it's also seen in nearly every sentence. 
Thus, it leads to these types of words being the most common token and most common type from the text. 
However, this is not sufficient in representing the content of the text. The list of most common words are mostly the same
across from all three books. Knowing the high occurance of these words can imply some features of Ancient Greek grammar, 
for example, that the particles are used very frequent, but these are usually also universally seen in other languages. 
Moreover, the goal of this textual analysis is to see some features of the content, and stop words cannot reflect any of 
these features. Thus, it is important to look at the results after removing stop words and non-alphabetic words. 
After removing stop words, the list of most common token, type, and lemmatas become very different. From them, we can see
the difference in the topic of these texts. For example, for book 3 and book 5, the most common word/type found are both
nouns that are name of men. Since it's the most common token/type, we know that this man must be very important, and probably
is the main character that this book focuses on. Book 3 must have Lakedaimonios as a really imporant character in the plot, 
and Eleius in book 5. Similarly, when we have the most common word/type being verb like in book 8, the most common verb is
ποιέω. This verb must be a very common action that happened in this book, which implies about the plot. In this case, the 
word ποιέω has rather abstract meaning "to do", which cannot really account for anything about the plot, but if there is a
word that is an actual physical action, then we will be able to tell what is the main action of the book. Other than these, 
the most common lemmatas can also suggest a noun that is a common location, which tells us more about this writing. For book
8, the most common lemmatas is ἱερὸν, meaning "the temple", thus we can tell this book talks about incidents that happened 
at the temple. 
In conclusion, from the most common token, type, and lemmatas, after removing stop-words and non-alphabetic words, we get to
see what is the most repeated word, and from that infer what the plot is about. Especially the Nominative nouns that are names
of people or place, their high occurance tells us about the setting of the book. 